README.md, before:

# app-contacts

[![ZenHub](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png)](https://zenhub.io)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

An [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) sample app that lets you browse and edit contacts.

> To keep up to date on [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/), please visit and subscribe to [the official blog](http://blog.durandal.io/). If you have questions, we invite you to [join us on Gitter](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss). If you would like to have deeper insight into our development process, please install the [ZenHub](https://zenhub.io) Chrome Extension and visit any of our repository's boards. You can get an overview of all Aurelia work by visiting [the framework board](https://github.com/aurelia/framework#boards).

## Running The App

To run the app, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
  > **Note:** jspm queries GitHub to install semver packages, but GitHub has a rate limit on anonymous API requests. It is advised that you configure jspm with your GitHub credentials in order to avoid problems. You can do this by executing `jspm endpoint config github` and following the prompts.
5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install
  ```
  >**Note:** Windows users, if you experience an error of "unknown command unzip" you can solve this problem by doing `npm install -g unzip` and then re-running `jspm install`.
6. To run the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```
7. Browse to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000) to see the app. You can make changes in the code found under `src` and the browser should auto-refresh itself as you save files.

> Note: At present there is a bug in the HTMLImports polyfill which only occurs on IE. We have submitted a pull request to the team with the fix. In the mean time, if you want to test on IE, you can work around the issue by explicitly adding a script tag before you load system.js. The script tag should look something like this (be sure to confirm the version number):

```html
<script src="jspm_packages/github/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs@0.5.2/HTMLImports.js"></script>
```

## Running The Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```

Commit message:

Modified original project to use PouchDB as the data store.

README.md, after:

# app-contacts

Modified original project to use [PouchDB](http://pouchdb.com/) as the data store.

[![ZenHub](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png)](https://zenhub.io)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

An [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) sample app that lets you browse and edit contacts.

> To keep up to date on [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/), please visit and subscribe to [the official blog](http://blog.durandal.io/). If you have questions, we invite you to [join us on Gitter](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss). If you would like to have deeper insight into our development process, please install the [ZenHub](https://zenhub.io) Chrome Extension and visit any of our repository's boards. You can get an overview of all Aurelia work by visiting [the framework board](https://github.com/aurelia/framework#boards).

## Running The App

To run the app, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
4. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
  > **Note:** jspm queries GitHub to install semver packages, but GitHub has a rate limit on anonymous API requests. It is advised that you configure jspm with your GitHub credentials in order to avoid problems. You can do this by executing `jspm endpoint config github` and following the prompts.
5. Install the client-side dependencies with jspm:

  ```shell
  jspm install
  ```
  >**Note:** Windows users, if you experience an error of "unknown command unzip" you can solve this problem by doing `npm install -g unzip` and then re-running `jspm install`.
6. To run the app, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  gulp watch
  ```
7. Browse to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000) to see the app. You can make changes in the code found under `src` and the browser should auto-refresh itself as you save files.

> Note: At present there is a bug in the HTMLImports polyfill which only occurs on IE. We have submitted a pull request to the team with the fix. In the mean time, if you want to test on IE, you can work around the issue by explicitly adding a script tag before you load system.js. The script tag should look something like this (be sure to confirm the version number):

```html
<script src="jspm_packages/github/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs@0.5.2/HTMLImports.js"></script>
```

## Running The Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```
